== 06/10/08 ==

*MD5Importer jME1.0 and MD5Importer jME2.0 version 1.2.0 release.*
  * Version 1.2.0 added new functionality of fast cloning ModelNode and JointAnimation which allows users to quickly clone models and animations for multiple entities to use.

== 06/09/08 ==

*MD5Importer jME1.0 and MDImporter jME2.0 quick fix.*

Hard-coded problem in version 1.1.0. The new texture loading process does not allow users to specify texture formats. Now the v1.1.1 version makes use of MultiFormatResourceLocator to allow user specify their own image formats. MD5Importer no longer provides any hard-coded image format extensions anymore.

*MD5Importer jME1.0 v1.1.0 and MD5Importer jME2.0 v1.1.0 released.*
  * Refined Savable implementation to allow Texture caching defined by user.
  * Updated tests to demonstrate binary export without saving texture image data.

== 05/28/08 ==

*MD5Viewer v1.1.1 released.*
  * Refined select file design.
  * Removed setting default directory which may hang the application.

== 05/27/08 ==

*MD5Viewer v1.1 released.*
  * Added action speed control.
  * Added global scale control.

== 05/21/2008 ==

*Added MD5Viewer for quick and easy viewing.*
  * Download the Zip file from "Downloads" section.

== 05/03/2008 ==

*Performance boost thanks to Momoko_Fan.*
  * Created temporary variables in Vertex and Triangle classes to reduce garbage creation.

== 05/02/2008 ==

*MD5Importer jME1.0 v1.0.1 released*
  * Fixed cycle wrap mode implementation.
*MD5Importer jME2.0 v1.0.0 released*
  * Support for jME2.0 version.